well howdy there internet people it's
beau gown
so today we're going to answer the
questions that arose
from that last video um if you haven't
seen it
short version i mean i think it's worth
going and watching but
short version is i'm not ready to
rekindle relationships
with people that i kind of
let go
because of their support of the trump
administration
because of their support of his policies
over the last four years
that prompted three questions
first was okay that's fine for friends
but what about family
what are we going to do about that are
we going to keep these people cut out of
our lives
the next was well how are we supposed to
heal
if we don't reach out to them and show
them the error of their ways
and the third wasn't super common but i
think it's worth addressing
i actually think that they were digs at
me but
it's worth addressing either way what
about those people you work with
if they have different political beliefs
like you
though fair enough so we're gonna answer
all three of them we'll start with that
last one
yeah i work with a whole bunch of people
who have different political beliefs
in fact the person that was given as an
example
that's not past tense odds are while
you're watching this she's preparing
this video to go on instagram she
actually does work for this channel
and yes she is to the right of me
she's also ridiculously pro-freedom
ridiculously anti-authoritarian and
ridiculously moral
if you go to her channel you will find
that even though she is to the right of
me
every single moral failing of the trump
administration was called out
because it's not politics that's the
whole point of that video
it isn't politics it's morality it's
right and wrong
good and evil not left versus right
not democrat versus republican
it's morality i do not think that i will
ever have to doubt her morality
that's not something i see happening
there are many people
who did not see the
trump administration's moral failings
because they were blinded by
party they were blinded by politics
and they thought that saying oh it's
just a political stance
would excuse or at least overshadow
the moral implications of what they were
okay with i can assure you
that as many ways
as kerry and i disagree on various
topics
i'm never going to have to tell her oh
you know it's kind of wrong to use
violence against children because their
parents crossed a line in the sand
that's never going to be a conversation
it's not politics it's morality now
to family members yeah i get it it's
gonna be a whole lot harder to keep them
cut out
and i don't know that you should again i
don't know that i'm even giving advice
here
i'm giving my
my actions what i'm going to do
everybody's life is different
this is pretty personal
pretty personal choices that are going
to have to be made
when it comes to family i would suggest
that you have a moral obligation
to try to help them write themselves
i would frame the conversation not in
left versus right
not in republican versus democrat but in
right and wrong
and in many cases this is going to be a
generational
a generational gap and i would remind
them
where you got your sense of right wrong
from
and i would point out that that's what
it's about
not politics this isn't about politics
it's about undermining the moral fabric
of this country
right now as we speak the president of
the united states is trying to stop
people's votes from being counted
because he doesn't like what they say
that's not politics that's levying
an attack against the very founding
principles of this country
the the idea
that just saying well it's just politics
washes away the moral implications
i i don't think that holds water
now for that last one how are people
supposed to understand what they did
wrong
if you don't tell them if you don't let
them back into your life if you don't
forgive them forget
if i cut bob out of my life because bob
was like hey it's a great thing that
they're
you know taking these kids from their
parents and throwing them in cages
and saying that they don't need
toothbrushes or beds
yeah i don't think this is somebody i
need in my life i'll be honest
i have no obligation to rekindle some
relationship with him
and i would suggest that me refusing to
do so
might actually help with reconciliation
it might help with healing
because six months from now a year from
now two years from now he's gonna say
something
like you know i lost friends over
politics because i supported the trump
administration
and somebody standing nearby can say you
know
that really wasn't over politics
that was over a view of right and wrong
sometimes it's not the message it's the
messenger
it might be more motivating
to have lost friends and then have it
explained
why then simply
oh yeah you know we didn't talk for a
couple years because i thought you were
a horrible human being
but now that this influence is gone
well everything's gonna be okay because
you've returned to somebody who can
still be swayed by that
no i have no reason to put this person
back in my life
fighting over politics fighting over who
should
rule a country or how it should be ruled
that's incredibly common
arguing over politics is fine that's
that happens all the time it's the plot
of movies and yes if it's politics you
can let it go
but not if it's morality not if it's a
deep divide
between what one person sees is right
and wrong
and the other person sees as tolerable
and that's where this was the fact that
tens of millions of americans after four
years of the trump regime
do not realize that he led
the country down this morally bankrupt
road is heartbreaking
and it shows us how much work we have to
do
and given the amount of work that needs
to be done
i'm not sure i want to waste my time
with people that i don't have respect
for anymore
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day